
1. Log in
   1. Simple login/signup screen
   2. Workflow: connect user with google services and chatgpt interactions
      1. User signs in with Google:
         1. Google API gives back the user ID, email, name, etc.
      2. App stores this info (Google user ID, email, name) in your app’s database as the user profile.
         1. You can use the Google user ID as the unique identifier for all future interactions and link it to any preferences, tasks, or other data.
      3. Optional: Users can link their OpenAI account if desired, but if not, you can still store and manage their preferences in your backend.
2. Home
   1. Lists major events for today and tomorrow
   2. Weekly skeleton - non negotiable recurring events, ai can build around them or intuitively offer rescheduling of your staple events
   3. Reminders for the day (will have a proper noti at specified time)
   4. Live activity tracking for upcoming events
   5. Overall productivity analytics
   6. AI input assistant
   7. Weekly Insights - trends with different event tags (manage stress and overload)
3. Task Creation
   1. Hit the plus button (smartly located)
      1. Text box or audio button
         1. Dump any tasks
         2. Immediately reflected to overall calendar or home if urgent
      2. Ability to immediately edit AI’s perception of task before it is confirmed
         1. Give task a priority ranking and possible time allocation
4. Calendar View
   1. Regular google calendar (most likely, if not similar format)
   2. Only events and deadlines
   3. Will be blocked time in yellow
      1. User-specific productivity time
      2. This time will be split up and optimized through different pages
5. Productivity Mode
   1. User can fill out feedback forms on past events to help AI offer personalized feedback and insights
   2. User lists specific studying need (can be personal projects or miscellaneous for professionals)
      1. This is to not add additional stress to calendar for the daily study obligations of college students
      2. What goes in calendar vs productivity mode must be correctly determined by AI
         1. If wrong, talk to personalization page
   3. This time period will be strategically planned by AI
      1. When does the user work best at certain subjects?
      2. How much time for each task?
      3. Best time for breaks?
      4. How to transition between tasks?
   4. This is when you will have live progress tracking, more game like, live activity tracking, timers, dnd, etc
   5. Study Mode
      1. Study with GPT
         1. Ask follow up questions
         2. Sample questions
         3. Summaries 
      2. Upload notes to have them be analyzed/summarized
      3. Proper time management to keep users on pace
6. Personalization Page
   1. For conversation
      1. Give feedback on AI’s task scheduling, message creation, suggestions, reminders, personal motivation etc
         1. Track times taking for certain tasks
            1. Were you over or under estimated time?
            2. Spoken out feedback, why did you struggle, what could be changed?
         2. Would you like a more engaging experience?
            1. Words of encouragement
            2. Motivating quotes
            3. Celebratory animations 
            4. More break periods
      2. Helps the AI grow and learn how to be most helpful
         1. Turns it from a calendar to an assistant
7. Profile and Settings
   1. Extra focus features
      1. Widgets on home page
      2. Live activity tracking to never forget upcoming events
      3. Different focus mode on iPhone for productivity mode
      4. Color themes